---
layout: post
title: "[OPIC] 집에서 보내는 휴가 Combo"
categories: OPIC
date: 2020-02-22
lastmod : 2020-02-22 19:16:00
sitemap :
changefreq : daily
priority : 1.0
---

<br>

Combo - 활동 - 누구랑 - 기억나는 경험 or 최근 경험

1. 활동

   Well.. every year, I have summer vacation. 

   You know.. summer is always peak season. 

   But, I don't like to go outside duing the peak season. 

   What I mean is... traffic is terrible on the road, 

   also.. every thing is too expensive.

   so, instead of travling,  I normally prefer to stay at home during my vacation. 

   If I stay at home.. like I can save a lot of money and time. 

   Not only for that.. my home is very comfortable. 

   I mean.. I can get relaxed at home.

   well.. I usually watch tv all day like couch potato. 

   I catch upon my favorite dramas which I missed. 




2. 누구랑

   Let me tell you about my vacation. 

   When I have free time, I like watching drama. 

   But sometimes, I invite my neighbor. 

   I usually invite Ji-Eun, she is my best friend. 

   We watch drama together and drink all night. 

   She likes beer, but I like Korean Vodka called Soju. 

   If you want to try it, visit my home.

   After drinking, we talk about our life. 

   She is a good listener, so I like to talk with her. 

   And, I will tell you a secret. 

   Actually, she is my ex-girlfriend, but we still have a good relationship. 

   Also,. I like having a dinner with my family members. 

   We talk about life in general and special events that have happened. 

   They are always on my side, so I like talking with them. 

   I usually have a great time at home during my vacation. That’s all. 

   

3. 기억나는 경험

   Let me tell you about a memorable story. 

   Well.. Last summer, I had a terrible vacation at home. 

   my family had a travel plan to go to Hawaii, but a big typhoon came. 

   So, we had to cancel the plan and stay at home. 

   Instead of the travel, we had a party at home. 

   Our family ordered some sushi from Japanese Restaurant. 

   We had sushi and Japanese foods together. 

   At the night, however, I got food poisoning. 

   I think the food was something wrong. 

   I felt severe pain and couldn’t endure it. 

   So, I called 911 and we went to hospital.

   We had to stay there during 3 days. 

   The story is not finished yet. 

   I got a bill from hospital and they charged me $2000.

   Can you believe it? 

   I was so absurd because my insurance couldn’t cover it. 

   So, I am gonna sue the sushi restaurant.

   

4. 최근경험

   Well… it was 2 weeks ago. 

   I had 1 day vacation, 

   so I stayed at home because it was way too short to go somewhere. 

   So, I decided to clean my house. 

   I first cleaned my room and kitchen. 

   After that, I cleaned my bathroom. 

   The bathroom was very dirty, so I spent almost 2 hours for cleaning. 

   After cleaning, I got a call from my friend. 

   And he asked me to hang out, but I was so exhausted. 

   So, we just had a dinner at my home. I think it was pretty good choice. 

   After dinner, we played video games all night. 

   You might think that it was too boring to stay at home all day. 

   But I was so happy and loved it. 

   

   

   